In order for the 박 opposed to the
other side to stop
I don't think it's a good idea.
I'm 28 years old.
I can't stay still.
I'm a soldier.
I've been sitting on the fire since morning.
I'm sick of it.
I should talk to you.
I don't have a child.
I have a child.
I can't stay still.
I can't work.
I can't eat.
I can't stay still.
I have to do something.
I have a child.
I'm sorry.
I can't stay still.
I have to do something.
I'm sick of it.
I want to eat.
I can't stay still.
I have to do something.
I thought I could do it.
But I was wrong.
I was wrong.
Excuse me.
I'm dying.
Why die,
please spare me.
What's matter with him.
I lost flowers as young,
who would be talking like that?
You,
Are you crazy?
That fool made me a Scotlander's
fool,
these knowledge...
There's nothing to be thrown there for the pattern of scope while they throw производ Yak Wertoffer into their todden house rise.
The size of big fog is rising up in Otokuدي Alley and Kiant surrendered by the ground were sh
That's the problem